Add PreloadBlockDownloadFailed event handler (#694)
planetarium/libplanet: CHANGES.md

        `IImmutableDictionary<Address, IValue>` (was `AddressStateMap`).
     -  `IStore.SetBlockStates()` method became to take
        `IImmutableDictionary<Address, IValue>` instead of `AddressStateMap`.
 -  `Swarm<T>.PreloadAsync()` method and `Swarm<T>.StartAsync()` method became

>     to receive `preloadBlockDownloadFailed` event handler as a parameter.

Reviewer: Unsure which is good: “as an argument” or “through a parameter” though.  🤔

```suggestion
    to take `preloadBlockDownloadFailed` event handler as an argument.
```

Author: “as an argument” looks better to me.

>     [[#693]]

Reviewer 2: The number of this pr seems like 694, not 693.
```suggestion
    [[#694]]
```

 -  `Swarm<T>` became to send 100 blocks (instead of 500 blocks) for each
    reply during IDL, in order to stabilize connection in high latency
    environments.  [[#679]]

>  -  When the block downloading fails in `Swarm<T>.PreloadAsync()` method,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  When `Swarm<T>.PreloadAsync()` method fails to download blocks,
```

    `Swarm<T>` became to call `preloadBlockDownloadFailed` event handler

>     received as a parameter. If the event handler doesn't exist, `Swarm<T>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    taken as an argument.  If the event handler is not present, `Swarm<T>`
```

>     throws `SwarmException`.  [[#693]]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    throws `SwarmException`.  [[#694]]
```

[#680]: https://github.com/planetarium/libplanet/pull/680
[#685]: https://github.com/planetarium/libplanet/pull/685
[#692]: https://github.com/planetarium/libplanet/pull/692

> [#693]: https://github.com/planetarium/libplanet/pull/693

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[#694]: https://github.com/planetarium/libplanet/pull/694
```
